let us see the code for this declare variable Start
mid and end for a given number n we will
search for it
Square root from one to n divided by two initialise
start to one and end to n Divided by two
We are going to do a binary search here Hence
we shall add this while condition while start less than
or equal to end in eight iteration First we will
find mid by doing start plus and divided by two
Then we will check If mid Indo mid is equal
to end If yes we have found the square root
hence we can return it
So add this if conditions is mid into mid equal
to end return mid If it is not equal to
end then check if mid into mid is less than
end
If it is we have to continue a search in
the second half so right start equal to mid plus
one else
We have to search in first half so add the statement
end equal to mid minus one in else block for
perfect square number it's square root would get returned here
in any one of the iteration and for non perfect
square numbers
The answer will be pointed by end index once the
iterations gets over so write return end after the while
loop
So what if our given input zero or one for
both these numbers square root of it will be the
number itself
Hence we have to add this condition at the top if n is less than two return n.